When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
you might do this when you wan t access from multiple machines.
you might enable this to provide a way for many peopel to work on a project together
you might do this to provide back-up and security in the case of a devestating probelm with your machine

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
if you are workign together eith peopel or you have a public repository where 
others can make suggestions thigns may be inserted and you may not be prepared for those suggestions
they may confuse you or be irrelevant to you.   Why clutter up your local workign space without you knowing
what is going on.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
forks: are located on github and xcreate a copy of someone else's reposity in your working space 
	and maintains the link back to the orignal reposity it was forked from
clones: clones are copies of repositories in a local workspace
branches:  are parts of a "project" that have differed frmo the master branch and are beign worked on
	seperately until it is time, if ever, to merge them back into the master
	
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
This enables you to continue to work offline and still be able to see what's been going on by others
the commands can run faster and have visisbility to all you have chnaged before you make 
	them visible to others by pushing them up to github
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
without github you woudl use different kinds of tools to communicate about status etc.
you migh tuse email or a wiki to post current state or when updates have been made.
emails coudl talk about changes etc.

nothign woudl be linked directly to the code thogh and there would be many switches back and forth 
to the repositories.  Keeping everythighn synced woudl be difficulet and it would seem
that all the process / workflow steps woudl be widely differnt based on the person and take 
much longer as well.


