Lession 2 Refelctions

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
intializign a repository creates the hidden git directory and all the 
required infrastructure to make a repository work.

It does not commit anything though.  It's just ready to go.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

its a great concept becuase it allows the user to chosoe what will be in the 
particular commit... some or all of the current things in the working directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
you can run git diff --staging to compare the changes in teh staging area vs the latest
and see if all the changes contained thierin are logically related.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

Brnaches can really help when you wan tto maintain the working condition of the
code but want to make significant changes that you are note sure will:
- work corectly
- have broad rammifications that you don't fully grok
- are not sure that you want to keep

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
they make it clearer how various commits are related and if there
are section of the commited code that are unrelated to other code


What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

merging the two benaches includes the changes from both branches into one set of files
and commits them.  it also maintains the revision hisotry of both brnaches 
in the history for the new master head.

We show the bracnh of master as movign to the side and then returning to the 
mainline MASTER and the MASTER stays as a straght line.  We do this beccuase 
there is always a MASTER as the "MainLine" code.   Keep that one centered and "stright".

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

pros:
+ simplifies the merging process
+ faster
+ reserves non-obvious resolutiosn for the authors to address

cons:
- could miss some conflicts that are more ligical than code